content: Adds R-ladies page (#57)
SheffieldR/SheffieldR.github.io: about.qmd

::: {style="text-align: left;"}

> We are the SheffieldR User group. We meet roughly every month to learn about and discuss R, the pandemic threw a spanner in
> the works of that but we're back up and running with some degree of regularity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are the SheffieldR User group. We meet roughly every month to learn about and discuss R. We aim to provide a friendly
and welcoming space for Sheffield R users of any level of R skill.
```

Reviewer: This amendment might also fix the linting issue :)
